Okay,
guys.
So now we're going to speak about the workbook sheet.
Follow hyperlink event,
which actually gets triggered whenever you click on a hyperlink on any sheets in your
workbook.
Ok,
so this is similar to the follow hyperlink event on the worksheets in case of the worksheet
follow hyperlink event.
But it actually doesn't work on a particular worksheet.
It actually could work in any worksheet.
It's a global thing.
It's It works in on any sheets on your workbook.
OK,
Has got two parameters this h which is basically the sheet that he the hyperlink exists in
.
And the target which this the target is basically your hyperlink.
The type of the object is a hyperlink.
Okay,
so I could create a Harper link,
for example,
I'm on sheet to right now.
It could create a hyperlink to sheet six.
I'm going to right click here,
click on hyperlink,
and I'm gonna click on place in this document,
and I'm going to select sheet six.
So this is gonna I have a hyperlink linking to shoot six.
As you can see her in a click on it,
I go to shoot six so you could create a message box that says you are going to sheet six
and then from and then a space.
And then we close our double quotes and that an UN percent as h dot name.
So this should be triggered when we click on the hyperlink.
And it's going to say you're going to sheet six from sheet to because the hyperlink is in
sheet to and we refer to it using the S H parameter.
So when you click on the link here says you're going to shoot six from sheet to Okay,
so simply the follow hyperlink event.
It works the same way as in the sheet events.
Eso ah,
that's it.
Thank you very much,
guys,
for watching this video I'll see on the next one.